# Modeling of Survivin - PKCS - Survivin complexes.

This repository holds the scripts that were used for the modeling done 
for the publication *Spatial and functional interaction of a 
heterotetramer Survivin-DNA-PKcs complex in DNA double-strand break repair* 
(Submitted). 


The basis for the here documented modeling steps were [1E31](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/1E31) for Survivin
and [5LUQ](https://www.rcsb.org/structure/5LUQ) for the DNA-PKcs.
After an initial loop modeling using [Modeller](https://salilab.org/modeller/) a closed structure can be found for the
Kinase and FAT Domain of DNA-PKcs, which we called [head](https://github.com/entropybit/survivinpkcs/blob/master/pdbs/pkcs_head.pdb) structure in the paper. As the other domains contain a large gap of missing structural information
which can not be closed with loop modeling, only those two Domains were used as model for the DNA-PKcs.
This was sufficient as investigating the interaction of Survivin with the PI3K region was aim of this work. 
From perliminary docking with the Schrödinger suite, the best two poses were available.
For these poses, we see very different positions of Survivin relative to its docking partner. 
However, mutational studies on the Survivin residues being closest to the PI3K region, showed that exactly
these two poses are important for the binding. 
Therefore the idea was, that these are fulfilled by Survivin binding in according poses to two
DNA-PKcs Proteins. An [initial structure](https://github.com/entropybit/survivinpkcs/blob/master/pdbs/kinase_heterodimer_aligned_0001.pdb) for this was generated by aligning both poses on Survivin accordingly.

A global docking was performed with Rosetta using the global_docking.sh skript which can simply be executed 
after making it executable:
```
chmod u+x global_docking.sh
./global_docking.sh
```
Within this skript global docking of the survivin dimer with the head domain is executed. 
Before using it the rosetta paths and target path have to be updated:
```
ROSETTA_PATH=/path/to/rosetta
FOLDER=/path/to/execution/folder
```

Furthermore the hostfile needs to be adapted to ones cluster if necessary.
In our case the calculation has been evaluated on 16 cores per machine over 3 cluster nodes. 
In general the hostfile should look like this
```
192.168.0.11 slots=64
192.168.0.12 slots=64
...
```
with the ips of the according nodes. Names can also be used as long as these can be resolved from each 
single node.

The global docking script generates a folder *sur_dimer* inside the working direcotry of the script.
Inside this folder all the resulting structures from the global docking are stored. As the global 
docking uses a rough backbone protocoll these structures do not have sidechains for the mobile structure.
To remedy that, and also to increase the resolution of the docking overall a local refinement docking
is done for every single one of these structures. Simliar to global docking there is a script for
this task in the repo. So one can simply do
```
chmod u+x refinement_docking.sh
./refinement_docking.sh
```
This is trivially parallelized over the files using gnu parallel.
